1. The objective of testing effort  and intended audiences.
    The objective is to to determine if the software satisfies the business requirements. Besides that, it will identify invalid states 
    and values in the system. After integration of various modules, system integrity will be stressed-tested of its stability. 

2.Testing strategy.
   Both verification and validation test.
   Constructive test.
   testing accomplished by independent test group.
   testing conducted independent of debugging.
   test scope: unit testing and block testing (due to the limitation of time).

3. Software product overview

The aim of the project is to implement a new online movie ticketing system that enable:
  Client to book movie online.
  Client to cancel movie booked.
  Client to view information of movie available.
  Client to choose their own seating.
  Administrator and user to access the same database through online interface.
  Administrator to organize movie information online.

The advantages of this new system are:
  Database system is integrated as part of the online system.
  Online database does not need to be duplicated for offline database.
  Clients can pay and book movie through electronics transaction.
  Clients have flexibility in choosing the seating they likeadministrator can update online (system) database at real time

3. Test scope and Test plan
  For unit test, we will employ both static and dynamic testing techniques. Our basic component is the .java and .jsp file. 
  Since the inspection and compilation has already been done by programmer, we will only do the walkthrough for static testing.
  After that, we will do the white-box testing. The test cases will be derived from basis paths. So they will not be depicted here.
  Our test completion criteria is the basic function of the module and satisfaction for the requirement.

  Forthe high level testing, we divide our program into two major block-customer interface and administrator interface. 
  Instead of the focus on technique aspects, our main concern is the micro-behavior of each block. 
  The black box testing will be employed here. We will use equivalence partitioning, boundary value and logic-based testing techniques for 
  Test Data Selection.
